

what is chairman's message?
Tell me chairman message
chairman's Message?

Answer:
sachin Menon said that,
KIT, over the years, has created a brand image at the State and National level for giving our country, engineers, who are well prepared to face the future challenges, Our institute has constantly made efforts to give more focus in enhancing teaching and learning systems.
We do understand that a lot needs to be done in bringing creativity and critical thinking in our curriculum, which will further inculcate skills to enable our students’ demonstrate higher levels of expertise. It will be our endeavours to add more qualified PhDs into our faculty base, which will strengthen research at all levels. I greatly appreciate the involvement of both the students and faculty in organizing State and National level workshops, which greatly help our institute to understand the current trends in the market.

I wish everyone the very best for the year ahead.
Our KIT

what is director's message?
Tell me director message
director's Message?

Answer:
Education, wealth and strength are necessary for everyone.
But the value of each of them depends on the way you use it.
Education without character, politics without principles and commerce without morality are not only useless, but positively dangerous.
Education is the ornament for human beings. It is the secret wealth.
It is to be valued not as means of earning one’s livelihood, but as the essential requisite for a happy, peaceful and progressive life.
Engineering offers a highly rewarding and lucrative career – one in which you can apply intuitive, imaginative and creative ideas to find appropriate solutions to the challenges facing our society. I wish you success in sharing knowledge, ideas and solving important societal needs and issues. However, the ‘Success in life’ will certainly depend upon creating high ethical and moral values besides imparting and inculcating up-to date knowledge and skills. On behalf of KIT’s College of Engineering, I wish you all the best in your personal and professional career.


Tell me something about KIT?
something about KIT?
information of KIT?

Answer:An institute established in May 1983, KIT reflects the vision of leading industrialists and educationalists. The vast exposure and experience of it’s founders has helped KIT to establish it’s identity as an Institute of repute in the field of Engineering and Management education.
The Institute has been awarded “A” status by Govt. of Maharashtra in recognition of its over all academic excellence and infrastructure. It is affiliated to Shivaji University, Kolhapur and is approved by AICTE, New Delhi.
Spread over a sprawling 30 acres, the natural form of the landscape has been preserved. The spacious campus houses the main building, hostels for boys & girls, workshops with a built-up area of around 23,500 sq. m. and an innovative waste recycling system, windmills, gardens dotted with solar powered lamps.
The structure embraces within its fold classrooms, drawing halls, laboratories (computer & science), seminar halls, library, canteen, open-air auditorium, and a gymnasium. The interiors have been crafted keeping in mind the fact that ‘ambiance does inspire and stimulate intellectual endeavors’. The playground overlooking the main building is where all the outdoor activities are held.


Tell me name of founders of KIT?
Founders of KIT?
Who created KIT?
Who founded KIT?
Answers:
Late Shri Shivajirao Desai Founder Chairman

Late Shri. M. M. HudliFounder Vice Chairman

Late Shri. B. S. KulkarniFounder Secretary

Shri. Ram MenonTrustee

Late Shri. L. B. ChouguleTrustee

Shri. D. S. PatilTrustee

Late. Shri. M. R. PungavkarTrustee

Shri. C. D. JoshiTrustee

Late Prin. Shri. A. P. RaneTrustee

Late Shri. R. S. BeriTrustee


Tell me names of Board of Directors of College?
Name the BOD?
Give me list of Board of Director’s
Answer:
Shri. Sachin Menon : Chairman

Shri. Bharat Patil : Vice Chairman

Shri. Sajid Hudli : Secretary

Shri. Sunil Kulkarni : Trustee

Shri. D. C. Joshi : Trustee

Shri. Deepak. L. Chougule: Trustee

Mrs. Shilpaja P. Kangutkar-Pungaonkar: Trustee

Col. Pratapsinh Raorane Rtd: .Trustee
Give me Details of Facilities in KIT?
Facilities in KIT?
Facilities?
Answer:
Central Library
Hostel
Gymkhana
Food Facility
Overall Facility

Give me Activities performed in KIT?
Activities in  KIT?
Answer:
Student Council
Sports
Cultural
N.S.S
Walk With World
Research

Give me list of Departments?
Departments?
Departments in KIT?
Answer:
Biotechnology Department
Civil Engineering
Computer Science and Engineering
Electronics Engineering
Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering
Basic Sciences and Humanities
Information Technology
Mechanical Engineering
Production Engineering

1. Tell me something about KIT/history of kit
An institute established in May 1983, KIT reflects the vision of leading industrialists and educationalists. The vast exposure and experience of its founders has helped KIT to establish its identity as an Institute of repute in the field of Engineering and Management education.
The Institute has been awarded “A” status by Govt. of Maharashtra in recognition of its overall academic excellence and infrastructure. It is affiliated to Shivaji University, Kolhapur and is approved by AICTE, New Delhi. It has been granted autonomy since the year 2017 and has been accredited ‘A’ grade by NAAC with CGPA 3.12
Spread over a sprawling 30 acres, the natural form of the landscape has been preserved. The spacious campus houses the main building, hostels for boys & girls, workshops with a built-up area of around 23,500 sq. m. and an innovative waste recycling system, windmills, and gardens dotted with solar powered lamps.
The structure embraces within its fold classrooms, drawing halls, laboratories (computer & science), seminar halls, library, canteen, open-air auditorium, and a gymnasium. The interiors have been crafted keeping in mind the fact that ‘ambiance does inspire and stimulate intellectual endeavors’. The playground overlooking the main building is where all the outdoor activities are held.
2. Who is the chairman?
Ans. Shri. Sachin Menon
3. Who is the director (used for autonomous institutes)/ principal(used for non autonomous institutes)?
Ans. Dr. V. V. Karjinni
4. Who is vice chairman?
Ans. Shri. Bharat Patil
5. Who is the secretary?
Ans. Shri. Sajid Hudli
6. Who are the trustees?
Ans
a) Shri. Sunil Kulkarni
b) Shri. D. C. Joshi
c) Shri. Deepak L. Chougule
d) Mrs. Shilpaja P. Kangutkar – Pungaonkar
e) Col. Pratapsinh Raorane Rtd
7. Where is the college located/ what is the address of college?
Ans. Gokul Shirgaon, Kolhapur, Maharashtra 416234
Contact Number - 077690 01199, 0230-2638141/43
Website: www.kitcoek.in
8. What is the contact number of college?
Ans. Contact Number - 077690 01199, 0230-2638141/43
9. Who is the dean?
Ans. Dr. M. S. Chavan is the Dean of academics
10.  List all the deans of college
Ans
a) Dr. M. S. Chavan – Dean Academics
b) Mr. S. S. Mane – Dean One KIT
c) Dr. Shivling M. Pise – Dean R&D
d) Mr. K. G. Hiraskar – Dean Quality Assurance

11.  Who is the registrar?
Ans. Dr. M. M. Mujumdar

Question and answers for chat bot.  By Yogesh Waichal
    1. Who is head of department/HOD of civil department/branch?
Ans. Mr. Mohan A. Chavan
M.E. (Structure)
Ph.D. Pursuing
Teaching Experience- 27 Years
Industrial Experience 3 years

    2. Who is head of department/HOD of production department/branch?
Ans. Dr. Sachin S. Shinde
M.E (Mechanical - Production Engineering)
PhD
Teaching Experience – 15years
Publications – 07
    3. Who is head of department/HOD of environment department/branch?
Ans. Dr. Akshay R. Thorvat
B.E. (Civil Engineering)
M. Tech. (Environmental Science & Technology)
PhD (Water Resource Engineering)
Teaching Experience- 10 Years
Industry-6 months
Publications – 25 National conferences
8 International Conferences
18 International Journals
2 Books
    4. Who is head of department/HOD of it/information technology department/branch?
Ans. Mr. Tanaji B. Patil
M.E. (Comp. Sci. & Engineering.)
Teaching experience – 14 Years
Industry- 1 Year 

    5. Who is head of department/HOD of biotech/bio technology department/branch?
Ans. Mr. Mahesh V. Patgaonkar
M.Sc. (Microbiology)
Experience: Teaching – 01 yrs
Industry – 28 yrs
Research – 06 years
Publications: International – 02
    6. Who is head of department/HOD of cse/computer science/computer science and engineering department/branch?
Ans. Mr. Ajit S. Patil
M. Tech (C.S.E.)
PhD*
Teaching experience – 17 Years
Research- 3
Publications -2
    7. Who is head of department/HOD of Mechanical department/branch?
Ans. Dr. Shivling M. Pise
M.E. (Mech. Engineering.)
B.E (Production)
PhD (Mechanical)
Teaching Experience -21 years
Publications – 16
    8. Who is head of department/HOD of First Year/FE/BSH department?
Ans. Dr. Dattatray J. Sathe
MSc
PhD
Teaching – 17 years
Research – 11
Publications- International: 52
National: 4
    9. Who is head of department/HOD of Electronics department/branch?
Ans. Mr. Atul R. Nigvekar
M. E. (Electronics)
Experience- 28 Years
Publications – 3
    10.  Who is head of department/HOD of Electronics and Telecommunication / ENTC/ ETC department/branch?
Ans. Dr. Sangeeta S. Chougule
PhD (Electronics)
Teaching Experience- 22 years
Industrial Experience- 1.5 years
Research Experience- 4 years
Publications- 67
